#ยง2=== Farming Valley===
#These first achievements are to give you a helping hand in the beginning of this pack
Mine some iron, and craft a bucket (Note: modded ores does not spawn in world, you buy those from the blacksmith)!
Summon The Harvest Goddess and begin the tutorial (See the book "Summon The Harvest Goddess")!
Talk with her again, and she should begin to tell you how to begin your town!
Get the logs she needs, then hold them in your hand and talk with her again!
Build the Carpenter!
Spawn the Harvest Goddess again to continue tutorial!
Speak with Jade, and ask her how to farm crops!
Get the Turnip seeds from Jade, and grow the seeds!
Give the Turnips back to Jade once grown!
Buy Shipment Box from the Carpenter!
Sell your fish/crops/etc by right clicking the Shipment Box on the ground, and then sleep to get your money!
Build the General Store!
Build the Animal Ranch!
Build the Poultry Farm!
Get Cows, Sheeps, Chickens! Note these do not spawn in the world
#ยง2Other things to do in no specific order, including some tips
Make an achievement stand for your achievement book!
Build the Blacksmith!
Build the Cafe!
Build the Church!
Build the Clockmaker!
Build the Fishing Hole!
Build the Fishing Hut!
Build the Goddess Pond!
Build the Mining Hill!
Reach lvl 2 in the Mining Hill!
Build the Mining Hut!
Build the Townhall!
Get a total of 20 hearts (Orange)!
Get a total of 30 hearts (Yellow)!
Get a total of 40 hearts (Green)!
Get a Unbound Soul Shard (Req a Nether Star instead of Diamond)!
Buy a Soul Cage!
Get a Fishing Rod!
Buy a Diamond Fishing Rod, and fish up 5 different fish!
Get a full set of Neptunium armor!
Fish up the Message In A Bottle!
Make Golden Apple Juice to restore some hydration!
Make a Elven Trade, using Botania!
Get a full set of Terrasteel Armor from Botania!
Build a Forestry Multiblock Farm!
Drink some Short Mead from Forestry!
Breed two bees together, using Forestry!
Buy all the pets from Candice!
Setup a Drawer Controller together with other drawers!
Setup a Excavator (MultiBlock) using Immersive Engineering!
Kill the Wither!
Kill the Ender Dragon!
Get a Spell Programmer from Psi!
Get the Diamond Chisel and Diamond Bit Saw from Chisels & Bits!
Find Bailey the villager, and complete 10 daily quest!
Setup a small Refined Storage System, with 1 4K Storage Disk!
Fill a Refined Storage Drive with 64K Storage Disk!
Craft the iChisel!
Buy the Magic Bean!
Buy the Stirrups and ride a Pigmen!
Buy a Sack of Storage!
Setup a Tunnel Bore with Diamond Bore Head from Railcraft!
Buy the Architect's Sawbench!
Buy the Advanced Enchantment Table!
Buy the Inferium Furnace!
Buy the Ultimate Furnace!
Buy Inferium Seeds!
Buy Nature Seeds!
Buy Fire Seeds!
Buy Redstone Seeds!
Buy Gold Seeds!
Buy Diamond Seeds!
Buy the Seed Reprocessor!
Buy 1 of every Mystical Agriculture Seeds from Jeimmi!
Buy the Supremium Watering Can!
Buy 1 Inferium Apple and upgrade it to 1 Supremium Apple!
Buy a full set of Supremium Armor set!
Buy all 7 Music disc from Tomas in the Church!
Adopt a dog from Candice which runs a Animal Shelter at the Animal Ranch!
Buy a Dog Food bowl, Dog Bed and Dog Bath!
Use Training Treats to lvl your adopted dog to lvl 20!
Use Super Treats to lvl your adopted dog to lvl 40!
Use Master Treats to lvl your adopted dog to lvl 60!
Use Dire Treats to get 30 Dire levels!
#ยง9 Support Modpack Creator (Optional)
Follow KehaanDK on Twitter
Sub to Kehaan on YouTube
Follow Kehaan on Twitch